Add long explanation for E0549 (#82246)
rust-lang/rust: compiler/rustc_error_codes/src/error_codes/E0549.md

> A `rustc_deprecated` attribute wasn't be paired with a `stable`/`unstable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `rustc_deprecated` attribute wasn't paired with a `stable`/`unstable`
```

> The `rustc_deprecated` attribute must be paired with either `stable` or
> `unstable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `rustc_deprecated` attribute wasn't be paired with a `stable`/`unstable`
attribute. 
```

> attribute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attribute.
```
